add readme info (#3)
bradleycamacho/training-repo: README.md

# training-repo

> A sanbox to train writers on basic GH workflows and mess with tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sandbox to train writers on basic GH workflows and mess with tools.
```

> Please feel fr33 to make as many changes and PRs as you want. This repo does literally nothingnothing, so there is nothing to break :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please feel free to make as many changes and PRs as you want. This repo does literally nothing, so there is nothing to break :)
```
